CP-24792: add KSM image info for easy identification of images to mirror for private image registries (#139)
Cloudzero/cloudzero-charts: charts/cloudzero-agent/docs/releases/1.0.0-beta-9.md

This release adds the ability to set the log level via the `insightsController.server.logging.level` field. Additionally, the interval in which data is written to the CloudZero platform and the timeout for writing data are configurable via `insightsController.server.send_interval` and `insightsController.server.send_timeout`, respectively. The default timeout is increased from `10s` to `1m`.

> The `kube-state-metrics` subchart section now explicilty includes container image information. This introduces no funcitonal changes; it is intended to make it clearer to the user which images will be used and from where they will be pulled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kube-state-metrics` subchart section now explicitly includes container image information. This introduces no functional changes; it is intended to make it clearer to the user which images will be used and from where they will be pulled.
```

### Improvements
* **More Configurable Server Settings:** The log level, remote write interval, and remote write timeout are now configurable in the chart values. See the `insightsController.server` section in the `values.yaml` for more details.
* **Default Setting for Send Timeout:** The default remote write timeout is increased to `1m`, which allows for backfilling data from larger clusters.

> * **Container Image Information Added:** The values passed to the internal `kube-state-metrics` subchart now explicilty set the container image registry, repository, and tag information for the purposes of documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Container Image Information Added:** The values passed to the internal `kube-state-metrics` subchart now explicitly set the container image registry, repository, and tag information for the purposes of documentation.
```
